Docs/java client invoke deprecation (#5194)
dapr/docs: sdkdocs/java/content/en/java-sdk-docs/java-client/_index.md

`DaprBodyPublishers.json(...)` serializes the payload using the SDK's default Jackson serializer, matching the JSON encoding the deprecated `invokeMethod` APIs applied internally. For raw payloads use any `HttpRequest.BodyPublisher` (for example `HttpRequest.BodyPublishers.ofString(...)`).

> The table below summarizes which concerns `DaprInvokeHttpClient` handles for you and which now belong to the caller:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below summarizes which concerns `DaprInvokeHttpClient` handles for you (when configured with `DaprClientBuilder`) and which belong to the user:
```

> | Concern | Handled by the SDK | Caller's responsibility |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Concern | Handled by the SDK | User's responsibility |
```

|---|---|---|
| Invoke URL (`/v1.0/invoke/{appId}/method/...`) | ✓ | |

> | `dapr-api-token` header (when configured on `DaprClientBuilder`) | ✓ | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `dapr-api-token` header | ✓ | |
```

> | HTTP read timeout (from `DaprClientBuilder`) | ✓ | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| HTTP read timeout | ✓ | |
```

Reviewer: Is there a default this is set to? @javier-aliaga

> | `User-Agent: dapr-sdk-java/<version>` | ✓ | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `User-Agent: dapr-sdk-java/<version>` header | ✓ | |
```

| `Content-Type` header | | Set via `.header("Content-Type", "...")` |
| Request body serialization | | Use `DaprBodyPublishers.json(...)` for default JSON, or any `HttpRequest.BodyPublisher` |
| Response body deserialization | | Pick an `HttpResponse.BodyHandler` (`ofString`, `ofByteArray`, custom) |
| Response status / error handling | | Inspect `HttpResponse.statusCode()` and react to non-2xx responses |

> | Trace context propagation (`traceparent`, `tracestate`, `baggage`) | | Attach headers from your OpenTelemetry context |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Trace context propagation (`traceparent`, `tracestate`, `baggage`) | | Attach custom headers from your own OpenTelemetry context unless you want to use the Dapr defaults |
```

> | Request body framing (`Content-Length` vs `Transfer-Encoding: chunked`) | | Use a length-known `BodyPublisher` — see the note below |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Request body framing (`Content-Length` vs `Transfer-Encoding: chunked`) | | Use a known-length `BodyPublisher`. See warning below. |
```

{{% alert title="Prefer length-known body publishers" color="primary" %}}

> The JDK `HttpClient` emits `Transfer-Encoding: chunked` whenever a `BodyPublisher` reports an unknown content length (for example `BodyPublishers.fromInputStream`). Chunked requests can interact poorly with downstream HTTP servers under high concurrency, so prefer length-known publishers: `DaprBodyPublishers.json(...)`, `BodyPublishers.ofByteArray(...)`, `BodyPublishers.ofString(...)`, or `BodyPublishers.ofFile(...)`. These produce `Content-Length` framing and match the wire format the deprecated `invokeMethod` APIs used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JDK `HttpClient` emits `Transfer-Encoding: chunked` header whenever a `BodyPublisher` reports an unknown content length (for example when using `BodyPublishers.fromInputStream`). Chunked requests can interact poorly with downstream HTTP servers under high concurrency, so its recommended to use known-length publishers such as `DaprBodyPublishers.json(...)`, `BodyPublishers.ofByteArray(...)`, `BodyPublishers.ofString(...)`, or `BodyPublishers.ofFile(...)`. These produce `Content-Length` framing and match the wire format the deprecated `invokeMethod` APIs used.
```
